Agile methodology

Agile, replaced waterfall
Agile falls under umbrella of SDLC
Software Development Lifestyle Cycle
Agile is one piece of the agile lifecycle
Agile 101 from 30k ft is continous cyclical team oriented development

Concentric circles, perform agile development, then have a retrospective, about how the first sprint went

Jake from GV- Google Ventures- capital ventures

Waterfall- we want certain project developed, management would say what they wanted.  Management would say that isnt what we want.

We are close but that isnt what we want.
Companies took too long to get their porducts developed and into markets
Build and test prototype in just 5 days
Fast forwarding into the future to see how customers react
Every sprint starts with 7 ppl.
CEO, sales, engineer, marketing
Monday make map
Tuesday- Sketch details
Wednesday pick best deciisions
Prototypes
1,2,3 different types
Protype marketing
Friday test products with customers
Either way you have clarity

Thesprintbook.com

Class 2:
Scrum is a simple yet incredibly powerful set of principles and practices that helps teams deliver products in short cycles, enabling fast feedback, continual improvement, and rapid adaptation to change.

Scrum, kanban, extreme programming
Agile is a process of continual review and iteration

What is Agile
An approach to software dev under which requirements and solutions evlove through the collaborative effort of self history

Waterfall- Requirements- Design- Development- Testing- Deployment- Big outcome at end
Agile- 
Req’s Design, Develop - Test - Deploy
Created MVP- Minimal Viable Product

Agile Tean
Cross functional group, define, build, test, and where applicable
The agile team incorporates the Dev Team, Scrum Master, QA, and product Owner roles

Agile Release Train (ART)
Delivering larger solution value
Contributes to Vision and Roadmap,

Product Vision
Vision - Big and inspiring ( use very very very brief statement or slogan)
Product vision allows everyone to see the big picture and understand why their contributions matter.

Roadmap
Schedule of events and Milestones that communicate planned Solution deliverables, Milestones over a Timeline, and Program Increment

Dev Team is a subset of agile team, Dedicated team develop and test Epic, Story, Feature or component
Includes devs/testers, engineers, and other dedicated specialists require

Scrum Masters are servant leaders and coaches for an Agile Team.  They educate in Scrum, Extreme Programming, kanban, SAFe

Scrum Masters DO NOT assign tasks.  Agile teams are self-organizing. Developers self-select their components and individual user stories.

Product Owner is a member of the agile team responsible for defining stories and prioritizing the TEAM Backlog to streamline the execution of program priorites while maintaining the conceptual and tecnical integrity of the features

Epics
Big Picture Goal, then largest objectives down to the minute details

The home based app
Is a 
That 
Unlike
Our solution

Capabilities and features
Dont get lost in this piece


PI-Program increments

Scrum Board
When we prepare the Scrum Board
PBI- Product, Backlog Inventory

Trello-Chrome- Agile

Break down architecture design and architecture development
-Do this individually
Have arch design done by Friday’s class

When done right, RESTful API endpoints should be easy to test 
and should have tests covering both obvious use cases as well as expected edge cases for each endpoint. 
One of the core principles of REST is stateless, 
which makes our API endpoints small, 
modular black boxes, ripe for testing. 

New data comes in, successful message comes out, 
and the newly persisted data changes are easily verifiable in the database. 
Request for data goes in, expected data response comes out. 